Sunday as you know the Superbowl is
happening in Miami the Kansas City
Chiefs are playing the San Francisco
49ers and we so we went to San Francisco
with a camera we told fans passing by
were shooting promos for both teams and
we asked fans in Niners jerseys to put
on Chiefs jerseys to help us out so we
didn't have to travel to Kansas City and
this is how that went in a Super Bowl
edition of Trader schmoes we from John
San Francisco you're a big Niners fan I
am I am Oh season ticket holder how do
you guys feel about the 49ers oh we feel
great baby it's good after the last
couple of years how long you been a
Niners fan
oh man says about five years old
father-son that's great you guys uh big
49ers fans obviously they've always had
a great quarterback pretty much
throughout my lifetime so what's not to
love
do me a favor as we're shooting some
promos look right in there and say the
49ers will reign supreme on Super Sunday
the 49ers will reign supreme on Super
Sunday that's great we only ruled for
the San Francisco 49ers
let me ask you guys this we need to
shoot the other side of this we're
trying to do a whole bipartisan thing
any chance I could get you guys to throw
some Kansas City gear on top of that
just pick up a couple lines from you
because if you're Kansas City fans I
can't do that
yeah almost how important is loyalty to
your team very very oh my god it's like
loyalty to me it's like there's no
matter if we're having a bad season or
good season you're still right you got
to support your people sure how
important is loyalty to you very
important 100% wonderful you're a huge
49ers fan my entire life that's great do
me a favor look right in there and say I
would never turn my back on the San
Francisco 49ers I would never turn my
back on the San Francisco 49ers off job
[Music]
Judy Garoppolo is full of bullcrap alone
looking that saying I'd rather hang out
with Harvey Weinstein than cheer for the
49ers I'd rather hang out with Harvey
Weinstein then cheer for the 49ers no
San Francisco home to the 49ers and the
best chatter bolts in the world we're
gonna eat you up Chiefs Kansas City home
to the Chiefs and the greatest barbecue
in the world we're gonna eat you up San
Francisco
[Applause]
Kansas City see goes of something else
my dad raised me to be a loyal fan the
49ers greatest team in the world just
sawed dead I'm proud of it my dad raised
me to be a fan the greatest in the world
the Kansas City Chiefs yes I did proud
of it
who's that blonde lady that's my mom we
be rare for San Francisco 49ers you guys
mind if I throw some cheap skier on you
guys you could give me a couple lines
you see yeah just give us a couple of
pro chief sighs we're just showing us a
positive fantasy if we really come
knocking duty cycle okay put this on you
refuse to give up on your team
ladies and gentlemen we
[Applause]
[Music]
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way by my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
through it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you